>> Shirley Wu: So
let's go through this together.
>> Shirley Wu: I think there might have
been a little bit of confusion,
so let's do it.
So, this time around the scales,
we don't need a time scale anymore
because if you notice there's no x-axis,
there's only angles and radius.
So, we're going to have a radius scale,
and this is basically
gonna be the same exact thing as
when we had the scale linear before.
And for this one we're going to
map the low and high temperatures.
So for this one let's do d3scalelinear,
again, that's scalelinear and
then I saw this I liked this,
I saw this I thought this was really nice.
So let's pass in an array and
then here we'll have D3 min.
So the min value is, again, the data and
then the accessor is d.lowtemperature.
And then the max is dated and
then d.hightemperature.
And then the range,
>> Shirley Wu: Is basically
whatever you want the radius to be.
And so for me what I'm gonna do is,
I'm going to just make it half
this width of the screen,
that's what I'm gonna
make the maximum radius.
So, I'll just put that
as width divided by two.
And again,
if I console.log that radius scale.
I am in zero degrees.
Let's see,
is because there is no zero degrees,
so it's gonna be a negative number,
we don't want negative numbers.
So I think, let's do 20,
20 degrees is going to be a radius of 31.
And then I think the maximum,
it was 104, and that's going to be 325.
Think the minimum is 11 so
that's going to be zero.
So these are going to be our radius
that we're going to use to calculate
the inner and outer radius.
And we talked a little bit before
about using the per slice angle.
So, what do we want to do?
Let's only calculate it for
just the first slice to start out with.
So let's just say, temporarily,
let's just do something, and we need to
actually make the arc generator.
>> Shirley Wu: So
let's do that.
>> Shirley Wu: And all we need to do for
that is declare d3.arc().
>> Shirley Wu: That's the very basic,
if we don't pass in settings or anything,
so we can just start with that.
And let's just generate the,
>> Shirley Wu: Path string for the first,
the very first date.
So, what the arc generator
takes is an object.
And in this startangle and
so will make that
the basically origin on the zeroith
index times per slice angle.
And then end angle for that first
one would be 0 + 1 * persliceAngle.
We need an inner radius, so
lets get the first thing out of the data.
And then the inner radius is low.
But then we also have to translate
that raw data into screen space,
into the radius we want.
And then the outer radius is,
we'll translate it into radiance or
.sorry radius.
And we want the high temperature
of the very first data.
And if we console.log the path string,
this is what it looks like.
So, I think the confusion might happen
because in that example I had,
in this example I had,
I set the inner radius and outer radius.
And I asked for the start angle and
end angle to be
the start angle and
end angle of the data I pass in.
But we could just as easily just
pass in an object that has all of
this to our angle and angle inner radius
and outer radius already calculated.
And then, the arc generator
>> Shirley Wu: Will
just know what to do with it.
So this is actually
the easiest way to do it.
But if you want to see it done the other
way, we can go through that too.
But this is the way that I recommend.
Just pass in an object with all of the
settings that the arcGenerator requires.
So if we think about that
we can extrapolate that.
If we think about this we can
extrapolate this to each of the dates.
So we can do data.map and then for
each of the slices we want to get both
the data itself as well as and
the index of that data.
I want to calculate
the path for
each of them.
And so the start angle is,
the index times per slice angle,
an angle is index plus one
times per slice angle.
And the inner radius is the low
temperature translated into radius and
the outer radius is the high
temperature translated into the radius.
And so if we then console.log this,
we should be
seeing over here 365 path strings.
>> Shirley Wu: Yes.
>> Shirley Wu: And so
these are all the path strings.
And so
that's the first part of what we need.
to return that path and
the other part is the color.
Let's do this first.
So if we just get back
the path we'll see all of
these slices except black.
>> Shirley Wu: And
then let's really quickly go through and
create the colorScale
again because that's the exact
same as what we've done before.
The colorSequential and
the domain is d3.extent.
I'm passing data, and
then use the average temperature, and
the range, sorry, and then for the
sequential, I have to use interpolator,
and then, am I going to be able to
remember this off the top of my head?
Red, yellow, blue.
Hopefully, this is it.
So that's the same as
our bar chart example.
And for the fill,
I just say colorScale D dot average.
Sorry.
Scale sequential.
Up here I accidentally
said "colorSequential".
I meant "scaleSequential." And
then that should have worked.
This is what it ends up looking like.
And for all of these exercises and
it's not as important for
you to know exactly how d3 land works or
d3 arc works that and my hope is in.
My goal isn't for
you to like memorize how I knew this
work that's with documentation is for.
And if you had a chance to
look at the documentation,
it's really quite extensive and detail.
My goal is primarily to just
show you how easy it is to get.
I get these shapes that when
SVG looks really complicated,
but the goal is to make it.
the goal is to show you how
easy D3 makes it and
that's really what I love about D3.